In fact, you don't force me to go to southern Xinjiang
I can't find such a miraculous poison either
What!
Am I poisoning you?
Yes, I poisoned you
I just let you die
If you don't die, how can I inherit the throne?
Secretly replace my health pills with poison
But why are you
I was
I still have hope for you
I didn't expect you to touch me
I don't care who the emperor is
My goal is the queen mother instrument world
Acquire the supremacy of women
And then flattened the Northwest
You know I'm in the Northwest
What are you suffering from?
Do you know how hard it was for me to come back?
Oh, right.
You haven't looked for me in all these years, have you?
Thanks to King Shuo
To bring me back here from the Northwest
In the capital
original
It turns out that you have long defended the writing instrument
You this time
It has become a usurpation of power
There was a rebellion
Heaven is unbearable
But do you think you've won?
I admit that if you hadn't been poisoned
Even ten kings are no match for you
But look at you now.
I'm afraid a 3-year-old can take care of you
Besides, you are poisoned
Even if I don't kill you
You are doomed to die today